V5 deprecation clean (#174)
site-prism/site_prism: CHANGELOG.md

    ([luke-hill])

- `SitePrism::Page#page` is now removed. 
  - Use either `Capybara.current_session` or directly interrogate your input fragment (This is being deprecated)

### Added

### Changed

> - **Breaking Change**: When building any page or section object, you must pass in valid constructors to the SitePrism DSL

Author: Elements cannot be built. So it's only when doing a new class that is page or section.

Maybe build is the wrong word to use here. Something like

> Any page or section object must now have valid constructors for the SitePrism DSL (For more info see: [UPGRADING.md](./UPGRADING.md))

> - **Breaking Change**: When building any page or section object, you must pass in valid constructors to the SitePrism DSL

Reviewer: Maybe I misunderstand what this is about then.  I interpreted it as being about the `#build` method in Builder.  
I based that on the info in the CHANGELOG - _"An initial attempt to start banning invalid DSL names has been introduced through a `DSLValidator` module."_

Looking at `#build`, I believe that does an `invalid_element_name if invalid_element_name?(name)` on each *element* in the section or page. 

Is this about something else?

```suggestion
- **Breaking Change**: When building any page or section object, all elements must have valid constructor arguments and not conflict with DSL reserved names.
```

  - To opt out of this set the environment key `SITEPRISM_DSL_VALIDATION_ENABLED="false"`
    ([luke-hill])

> - Version bumps

Author: Downstream non-consumer gems aren't really full breaking changes. The all-there gem is flexibly enabled

> - Version bumps

Reviewer: This wasn't about the `all-there` gem.  It was about line 32 (now 33) "`DSL::Validator` and is now implemented by default"
